Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Plugins 1.4.1 (#2856)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1020-2-0-enable-save-button-for-number-properties-in-asset-properties-widget.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Enable save button for number properties in asset properties widget"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Save button always enabled for number properties in Asset properties widget"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-1723"
version: "1020.2.0"
---

> Previously, in the Asset Properties widget, the Save button was disabled for device properties of type 'number' that were added via the API, as their type defaulted to 'string.' This update ensures that the Save button is enabled and the 'number' type remains intact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, in the "Asset properties" widget, the **Save** button was disabled for device properties of type "number" that were added via the API, as their type defaulted to "string". This update ensures that the **Save button** is enabled and the "number" type is kept.
```
